Table: Table is a preliminary storage for storing data and information in RDBMS. A table is a collection
of related data entries, and it consists of columns and rows.

View: A view is a virtual table. A view consists of rows and columns just like a table. The difference
between a view and a table is that views are definitions built on top of other tables (or views),  and
do not hold data themselves. If data is changing in the underlying table, the same change is reflected
in the view. A view can be built on top of a single table or multiple tables. It  can also be built on
top of another view.

What is the use of view?
------------------------
What if we must restrict a user from accessing some attributes of the table and let access the other
attributes. Like, a clerk in an administrative department can search the name, address, designation,
age and such other factors of an employee table. But he must not be authorized to view or access the
salary of any employee. In such cases, we must be able to create a virtual table that can only display
the required attributes from a table. This is possible via View and Materialized View


Difference between Table and View:
----------------------------------
The main difference between Table and View is  A table contains data, a view is just a SELECT statement
which has been saved in the database (more or less, depending on your database).

Views offer the following advantages:
1. Ease of use: The advantage of a view is that it can join data from several tables thus creating a new
view of it. Say you have a database with salaries, and you need to do some complex statistical queries on
it. Instead of sending the complex query to the database all the time, you can save the query as a view
and then SELECT * FROM view

2. Space savings: Views takes very little space to store, since they do not store actual data.

3. Additional data security: Views can include only certain columns in the table so that only the
non-sensitive columns are included and exposed to the end user. In addition, some databases allow views
to have different security settings, thus hiding sensitive data from prying eyes.
